feat(slider): support custom label (#1021)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/slider.md

<ef-slider min="0" max="100" from="60" to="80" step="20" range show-steps show-input-field></ef-slider>
```

> ## Custom Marks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom markers
```

> Enhance sliders with custom marks using `ef-slider-marker` as children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add markers emphasizing specific values of the sliders with `ef-slider-marker`. The markers could be labelled by adding contents inside `ef-slider-marker`.
```

::
```javascript
::slider::
```
```css
ef-slider {
  width:50%;
  margin-left: 20px;
}
```
```html

> <ef-slider step="25">

Reviewer: We might want to add more examples such as no-label markers & non-text content e.g. ef-icon as a marker label.

Alternatively, we could add a TODO so we could get back to this once all features of slider marker are implemented.

Author: updated

<ef-slider min="0" max="100" from="60" to="80" step="20" range show-steps show-input-field></ef-slider>
```

## Custom markers
You can add markers emphasizing specific values of the sliders with `ef-slider-marker`. The markers could be labelled by adding contents inside `ef-slider-marker`.

::
```javascript
::slider::
```
```css
ef-slider {
  width: 50%;
  margin-left: 20px;
  margin-bottom: 30px;
}
```
```html

> <ef-slider step="25">
>   <ef-slider-marker value="0">Earliest</ef-slider-marker>
>   <ef-slider-marker value="25"></ef-slider-marker>
>   <ef-slider-marker value="50">Balanced</ef-slider-marker>
>   <ef-slider-marker value="75"></ef-slider-marker>
>   <ef-slider-marker value="100">AtClose</ef-slider-marker>
> </ef-slider>

Reviewer: Let's put a non-step example here as there is a step one below.
```suggestion
<ef-slider show-input-field>
  <ef-slider-marker value="0">Freezing</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="12">Wine</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="70">Coffee</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="100">Boiling</ef-slider-marker>
</ef-slider>
```

}

.container {
  margin: 20px;
  margin-left: 30px;
  margin-bottom: 35px;
}

```
```html
<div class="container">
  <label for="temperature">Temperature</label>
  <ef-slider id="temperature" value="70">
    <ef-slider-marker value="0">0°C</ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="20">20°C</ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="70">70°C</ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="100">100°C</ef-slider-marker>
  </ef-slider>
</div>
<div class="container">
  <label for="tracking-speed">Tracking Speed</label>
  <ef-slider id="tracking-speed" step="25" value="50">
    <ef-slider-marker value="0">Slow</ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="25"></ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="50">Medium</ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="75"></ef-slider-marker>
    <ef-slider-marker value="100">Fast</ef-slider-marker>
  </ef-slider>  
</div>
```
::

```html
<ef-slider id="temperature" value="70">
  <ef-slider-marker value="0">0°C</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="20">20°C</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="70">70°C</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="100">100°C</ef-slider-marker>
</ef-slider>
```

> Markers can be used with `step` for a similar use case as radio button but in Slider style. Typically, with stepped Slider, you would need to hide the progress when users drag the Slider.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why we need to mention if slider is using `step` or not to hide the slider, step or not progress can be hidden using following code. Proposing a simpler version. 
```suggestion
Markers can be used with `step` for a similar use case as radio button but in Slider style. To hide slider progress, set `--progress-color` CSS variables to `transparent`.
```

> Markers can be used with stepped Slider for a similar use case as radio button but in Slider style. Typically, with stepped Slider, you would need to hide the progress when users drag the Slider.

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer using property name for clarity.

```suggestion
Markers can be used with `step` for a similar use case as radio button but in Slider style. Typically, with stepped Slider, you would need to hide the progress when users drag the Slider.
```

Set `transparent` to `--progress-color` CSS variables to hide the progress.

```css
#tracking-speed {
  --progress-color: transparent;
}
```

```html
<ef-slider id="tracking-speed" step="25" value="50">
  <ef-slider-marker value="0">Slow</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="25"></ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="50">Medium</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="75"></ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker value="100">Fast</ef-slider-marker>
</ef-slider>
```

### Marker label alignment

> You can set the `label-align` to each `ef-slider-marker` to customise position of its label. The value can be `center`, `left` and `right`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To customise marker label alignment, set `label-align` with `center` or `left` or `right` value to `ef-slider-marker`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `label-align` to each `ef-slider-marker` to customise the position of its label. The value can be `center`, `left` or `right`.
```

Reviewer 2: This is pretty minor. I'm fine with either one kub.

```html

> <ef-slider id="click" value="2" min="1" max="3">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<ef-slider value="2" min="1" max="3">
```

  <ef-slider-markerfds value="2">Medium</ef-slider-marker>
  <ef-slider-marker label-align="center" value="3">Firm</ef-slider-marker>
</ef-slider>
```

### Responsive marker
In some situations, there might be insufficient space for every markers. You can wrap Slider in [Layout](./elements/layout) and listen to its `resize` event to hide some of these markers as needed.

```javascript
const container = document.getElementById("container");
const slider = document.getElementById("movement-speed");

container.addEventListener("resize", (event) => {
  const containerWidth = event.detail.width;
  containerWidth < 200 ? slider.setAttribute("very-small", "") : slider.removeAttribute("very-small");
  containerWidth < 400 ? slider.setAttribute("small", "") : slider.removeAttribute("small");
});
```
```typescript
import type { Layout } from "@refinitiv-ui/elements/layout";
import type { Slider } from "@refinitiv-ui/elements/slider";
import type { ResizeEvent } from '@refinitiv-ui/elements';

const container = document.getElementById("container") as Layout;
const slider = document.getElementById("movement-speed") as Slider;

> container.addEventListener("resize", (event: Event) => {

Reviewer 2: We can use `ResizeEvent` that includes `width` and `height`.
```suggestion
container.addEventListener("resize", (event: ResizeEvent) => {
```

| CSS Variables Name  | Description                                  |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| --track-color       | Slider track color                           |
| --progress-color    | Slider progress color                        |
| --thumb-color       | Color of Slider thumb and filled track color |
| --step-color        | Slider step color                            |
| --marker-color      | Marker color                                 |
| --input-field-width | Set input field width                        |

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-slider` is an interactive element similar to `<input type="range">`. Each Slider thumb has `role="slider"` and is focusable and its value can be updated by using `Arrow keys`, `Home` and `End`. Accessible name of `ef-slider` must be provided through aria attributes such as `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby` to accurately describe its objectives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ef-slider` is an interactive element similar to `<input type="range">`. Each Slider thumb has `role="slider"` and is focusable and its value can be updated by using `Arrow keys`, `Home` and `End`. Accessible name of `ef-slider` must be provided through aria attributes such as `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby` or `label[for="<element.id>"]` to accurately describe its objectives.
```
